game 6 of air force vs CJ we have here
iris stepping up for CJ entus versus
anytime who has been on a bit of a tear
and he needs to continue being on a tear
because his team is down three to two
still he needs to win every game
obviously and achieve an incredible
comeback for Air Force ace and seriously
he's looking good enough to do it I
gotta say he mixed up his games pretty
well in the last two and just played
solid solid Starcraft and he's been
facing the preserver that will preserve
return iris a very very aggressive
Terran player and a a solid one he's
declined a little bit over the times but
over time but you know he's done
decently well recently I liked his play
in the last series I watched him in CJ
versus oz and you know I'm gonna expect
good things from him on this in this
matchup on Shin Heung young chap on
byung is a fairly down SMAP might be a
little bit balanced towards pro laws but
I think maybe that was just old chip on
my own looking up the stats right now
it's actually a Terran favor down Wow
okay so it's actually a 13 Terran 7
Protoss interesting because the previous
version was 19 / r us 10 Terran so
somehow but with the small modifications
on this map it's become much more Terran
favor than Protoss favorite interesting
and we're seeing a pause here so we're
going to be seeing some technical
difficulties interesting enough and I'm
going to fast forward them and I believe
we are pretty much done with the
technical problems any time was force
the pause i believe to fix his
headphones it was a sound issue i think
and we're going to be seeing yup there's
the unpause egg with the countdown I
mean jeez precision is so important in
starcraft and obviously having a pause
being thrown in there is very bad
possibly in a lots of parts of the game
and could change the outcome even so
that is why obviously you can't pause
without reason and you also get a chat
anymore years ago you could but you
can't now and I don't know really why
that is I guess they just want
make the game more civil perhaps many
people were being BM by chatting who
knows and any case that we're going to
be seeing any time here of course the
bottom left and iris at the upper right
and we're seeing don't know what that
says actually I don't know which player
that is hope it wasn't reached because
didn't happen although that would been
pretty manly did not happen
unfortunately and you know unship angry
young I think there's a lot of good
options for protoss I'm still very
surprised actually that it became taryn
favorite I mean it went from almost two
to one Protoss vs toronto now almost two
to one terran vs protoss and the only
thing is I remember changing where the
back of the natural expansion and a
couple mineral number of mineral changes
I don't know interesting so here we're
seeing iris blocking his ramp with a SS
cv very early on I think he's going to
try something sneaky possibly and or
maybe he just really doesn't want to
scout getting and he doesn't want a gas
deal coming in so that could be a smart
booth but unfortunately for him anytime
not going to be scouting so that s EV is
just going to be hurting irises economy
a little bit without doing much any time
now going to go for a scout after
putting down a ten gate 12 gasps they're
most likely and we're just seeing a
standard factory build opening here from
from Berserker Terran iris for those of
you who don't like man verse as well
because we've seen that one video where
it appears like Bear Grylls is you know
he's running over this lava bridge and
some other dudes water running over and
there's like cards in the background
stuff so it's not really that wild I'll
give you that you know he's not
necessarily always in extreme danger or
isolation but bear grylls is still one
of the manliest people on TV for doing
all sorts of random very difficult
physical stuff like if he sees a vine
with a cliff that's 100 feet there he's
just going to climb the vine if you see
as you know a lake a frozen lake he's
going to jump in and swim on raphy under
ice if he sees
a lizard swimming next to him in a bog
he picks up the lizard by the tail wax
against a tree this gigantic lizard and
then puts it over his neck while looking
for a place to make a fire in it that's
how awesome he is um and you know i
don't care if like sometimes you know
it's kind of fake a big deal i mean tv's
fake this is just in defense of me
saying that uh that reach is manly like
Bear Grylls or bear grylls is mainly
like reach whatever anyway range upgrade
going down here for any time looks like
he's going to probably pop out of
Dragoon and then kill off the SCBA then
decide what to do afterwards a lot of
choices obviously as what I was trying
to say before I interrupted myself and
obviously there's fast expand chases and
there's some decent River harass choices
i think but evidently hasn't been good
for protoss since the changes made on
the between chip hungry young and cinch
upon me young i was doing good job of
keeping his scouting at cv alive on the
other hand i'm not sure anytime got got
to see much with his probe at all so on
maybe that's going to be a little bit of
an benefit for for iris and here we're
seeing a second gate going up okay so
it's going to be a to gate here we'll
see if he decides to pursue this really
heavily or if you're just going to
transition into a fast expand and for
for iris it looks like we're going to
probably see a to factory here because i
see all the SUV's stolen gas and it
looks like you know he by sealing off
his wall sealing off his choke point i
think that was signal to us at least
he's be trying to be sneaky and it might
be what is it um interesting enough
looks like he's just scouting with that
a CB and really i don't know what it is
yet we're seeing the barracks floating
yeah so the barracks is going to be
trying to scout there it might even get
killed by dragoon probably not but it
looks like just a tank being built there
and it looks like it will be just the
fast expand well at least it seems like
it uh yeah is it just going to be fast
expand it will just be a fastest man ok
so i guess i saw wrong i guess there was
only one sec on gas somehow it's all
three anyway so looks like expansion
coming down for any time also so both
players expanding and this is actually
both incredibly standard builds you know
to get core into expansion is like the
most common pvt build ever I think if
they did a study it would actually be
the most common at least on the amateur
level it really is one gate expand is
also very common one gate Robo ops
expansion that's more of a pro built
though I think when the pro players
really feel like they need observers
because you know pro vulture micros so
good anyway that looks like a robotics
facility going down now as expected and
we're going to be seen to observers
coming up soon although possibly any
time is going to try going for a reverse
we'll see most likely observers though
first and here we go he's going to block
the ramp very nice work there that
vulture gets to see nothing except for
the fact that any time has expanded and
you know any time I think knows that the
same is going on for iris so you know
iris um not living up to his bruiser
curd name here he's gonna choose to
probably go for an attack of the
mid-game not in the early game obviously
I mean and you know man vs. wild bear
grylls sees a Python that is like i
don't know i don't think was a python
it's like a boa constrictor that was
like 8 feet he's like oh you gotta watch
out for stepping on these you know well
they're very dangerous and I'll just
tear you a pardon and just restrict you
to death and he's like I'm going to grab
it and kill it and he grabs that he
kills with a stick and then he puts it
over his neck and eats it later I mean
how manly is that kill things and you
just wrap it around your neck so you can
walk like 15 Mormont